Move from BGB to Emulicious as suggested emulator (#45)
gbdev/gb-asm-tutorial: src/part1/tracing.md

## Setup

For now, let's focus on the code viewer.

> As Emulicious can debug against the source files, our code's labels are automatically viewable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As Emulicious can load our source code, our code's labels and comments are automatically shown in the debugger.
```

::: warning:‼️

The file names matter!

> When looking for a ROM's sym file, Emulicious takes the ROM's file name, strips the extension (here, `.gb`), replaces it with `.sym`, and looks for a file **in the same directory** with that name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When looking for a ROM's sym file, emulators take the ROM's file name, strip the extension (here, `.gb`), replace it with `.sym`, and look for a file **in the same directory** with that name.
```

:::

> 

Reviewer: Note: I believe the paragraph below about resetting execution is outdated.

::: warning:‼️

The file names matter!
When looking for a ROM's sym file, Emulicious takes the ROM's file name, strips the extension (here, `.gb`), replaces it with `.sym`, and looks for a file **in the same directory** with that name.

:::

## Stepping

When pausing execution, the debugger will automatically focus on the instruction the CPU is about to execute, as indicated by the line highlighted in grey.
![Screenshot of the debugger showing that the highlighted line corresponds to PC](../assets/img/pc.png)

> ::: tip:ℹ️

Author: For this one, were you referring to the line in Tip that still said 'in blue'? In any case, taking a fresh screenshot, it actually starts highlighted in blue, so I've changed the above to match it

:::

If we want to watch execution from the beginning, we need to reset the emulator.
Go into the emulator's "File" menu, and select "Reset", or press <kbd><kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Backspace</kbd></kbd>.

The blue line should automatically move to address $0100[^boot_addr], and now we're ready to trace!
All the commands for that are in the "Run" menu.

> - "Run" simply unpauses the emulator.

Reviewer 2: It's called `Resume`, not `Run`.

All the commands for that are in the "Run" menu.

> - "Run" simply unpauses the emulator. Clicking on the screen also does the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- "Run" simply unpauses the emulator.
```
Is that part still true?

- "Step Into" and "Step Over" advance the emulator by one instruction.

> They only really differ on the `call` instruction and interrupts, neither of which we are using here, so we will use "Step Into".

Reviewer: Actually, Emulicious treats the two differently. "Step Into" always steps by one instruction, whereas "Step Over" will run until the following line is reached (except for unconditional jumps); this differs from BGB's behaviour, whose "Step Over" will follow a taken conditional jump.

If we press <kbd><kbd>F5</kbd></kbd> once, the `jp EntryPoint` is executed.
And if we press it a few more times, can see the instructions being executed, one by one!

<video controls poster="../assets/vid/reset_trace.poster.png">
  <source src="../assets/vid/reset_trace.webm" type="video/webm">
  <source src="../assets/vid/reset_trace.mp4" type="video/mp4">

  <img src="../assets/vid/reset_trace.gif" alt="Video demonstration in Emulicious">
</video>

Now, you may notice the `WaitVBlank` loop runs a *lot* of times, but what we are interested in is the `CopyTiles` loop.
We can easily skip over it in several ways; this time, we will use a *breakpoint*.
We will place the breakpoint on the `ld de, Tiles` at `00:0162`; either double-click on that line, or select it and press <kbd><kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>B</kbd></kbd>.

![Debugger screenshot showcasing the breakpoint](../assets/img/breakpoint.png)

Then you can resume execution by pressing <kbd><kbd>F8</kbd></kbd>.
Whenever Emulicious is running, and the (emulated) CPU is about to execute an instruction a breakpoint was placed on, it automatically pauses.

> ![Debugger screenshot showcasing execution paused on the breakpoint](../assets/img/bkpt_pause.png)

Reviewer: This image still has the overlays.
